Remove zap from dockerfile and update version update scripts (#24732)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/code_generation.md

### Installing zap and environment variables

ZAP is generally installed as a third-party tool via CIPD during the build
environment bootstrap (see `scripts/zap.json`), which makes `zap-cli` available
in `$PATH` when running in a build environment.

**NOTE**: zap packages are currently NOT available for `arm64` (like when

> compiling on Raspberry PI.). In these cases one should checkout zap from source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compiling on Raspberry PI.). In these cases one should check out zap from source
```

> compiling on Raspberry PI.). In these cases one should checkout zap from source

Reviewer: Does this part also apply to M1/M2 Mac?  Or does cipd just grab the "mac" version there and use it via Rosetta?

Author: I believe we need someone with M1/M2 mac to verify this since I do not actually know.

Author: Separate discussion results:
   - M1/M2 does NOT get zap with the current setup
   - looking to add mac to cipd for arm64 as well, since it seems Rosetta makes it work
   
   Expect these changes (use cipd once updated) and documentation to come as a separate PR.
